# Changes after demo
- Swapped the order of the Sum and Cout ports in adder
- Fixed crashing issue when loading a sheet due to incorrect initialisation of symbols

# Known Bugs
- If a port is added to /removed from a custom component (renaming a port by replacing a port is fine though), the custom component isn't updated correctly in other sheets (despite selecting update on the prompt). We didn't know that this was something we needed to consider (until about 2 hours before the deadline). This causes existing instances of the custom component in other sheets to not re-size themselves. If any of these ports are attempted to be moved to different sides of the component, they end up being stuck in place and will not move with the symbol. Similarly at this point wires can no longer be connnected to them, and any preexisting wire will attach to its original location on the symbol. This behaviour can be reset / fixed by simpling moving another port in order to effectively reset the symbol. Once a symbol has been reset in such a way it can still function as intended, however is remains slightly missized. This bug does have a very simple work around which is simply to recreate another instance of this custom component, which can then have its ports moved around as normal. This fix however is obviously not ideal (sorry!). To summarise if you change the number of ports on a custom component, you'll need to manually replace instances of that component in other sheets. After testing the original version of Issie, this was not supported either (maybe change the message to not allow users to update components in other sheets / warn users to replace their components?).
